Add `assets` package (#11149)
remix-run/remix: packages/assets/README.md

# assets

Fetch-based server for compiling browser JS/TS assets on demand.

## Features

- **Route-Based Serving** - Map public URL patterns to files on disk
- **Access Control** - Control exactly which files can be served with allow and deny rules
- **Preloads** - Generate modulepreload URLs for `<link>` tags or `Link` headers
- **Watch Mode** - Watch for file changes and invalidate cached scripts
- **Caching** - Conservative caching by default with stable URLs, ETags, and revalidation
- **Optional Fingerprinting** - Source-based fingerprinted URLs for long-lived browser caching
- **Source Maps** - Serve inline or external sourcemaps

## Installation

```sh
npm i remix
```

## Usage

Use `createAssetServer` to serve browser modules from a URL namespace in your app.

```ts
import * as path from 'node:path'
import { createRouter } from 'remix/fetch-router'
import { createAssetServer } from 'remix/assets'

let root = path.resolve(import.meta.dirname, '..')

let assetServer = createAssetServer({
  routes: [
    { urlPattern: '/assets/app/*path', filePattern: 'app/*path' },
    { urlPattern: '/assets/npm/*path', filePattern: 'node_modules/*path' },
  ],

>   allow: ['app/client/**', 'app/shared/**', 'node_modules/**'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allow: ['app/assets/**', 'node_modules/**'],
```

})

let router = createRouter()

router.get('/assets/*', ({ request }) => {
  return assetServer.fetch(request)
})
```

This example gives you an `/assets/*` endpoint that serves compiled browser JS modules from
`app/client`, `app/shared`, and `node_modules`.

## Access Control

You must provide an `allow` list to specify which files are allowed to be served. `deny` is optional and takes precedence over `allow`.

```ts
import { createAssetServer } from 'remix/assets'

let assetServer = createAssetServer({
  routes: [{ urlPattern: '/assets/app/*path', filePattern: 'app/*path' }],
  allow: ['app/client/**', 'app/shared/**'],
  deny: ['app/**/*.server.*'],
})
```

Rules for `allow` and `deny` are file paths or globs. Relative values are resolved from `root`. Absolute file paths match exactly, and absolute directory paths also match their descendants.

## Routes

> Use `routes` to map public URLs to file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `fileMap` to map file paths on disk to public URLs.
```

  ],
  allow: ['app/client/**', 'app/shared/**', '../packages/**'],
})
```

Routes use [`route-pattern`](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/tree/main/packages/route-pattern) syntax for both URLs and file paths. Wildcards must be named, and the same params must appear in both patterns so imports can be rewritten back to public URLs.

## Hrefs

Use `assetServer.getHref()` when you need the public URL for a served asset. You can provide a root-relative or absolute file path, or a `file://` URL.

```ts
let src = await assetServer.getHref('app/client/entry.tsx')
// '/assets/app/client/entry.tsx'
```

## Preloads

Use `assetServer.getPreloads()` when rendering HTML so you can turn the returned URLs into `<link rel="modulepreload">` tags or `Link` headers for one or more assets and their dependencies. You can provide root-relative or absolute file paths, or `file://` URLs.

```ts
let preloads = await assetServer.getPreloads(['app/client/entry.tsx', 'app/client/search.tsx'])
// [
//   '/assets/app/client/entry.tsx',
//   '/assets/app/client/search.tsx',
//   '/assets/app/shared/utils.ts',
//   '/assets/npm/@remix-run/component/index.js',
//   ...etc
// ]
```

> ### Watch Mode

Reviewer: Switch the default to opt-out of watch mode.
